DOCS-774: Move and update images (#1526)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/services/webcam-line-follower-robot.md

    For our tutorial, we used green electrical tape.
  - Non-shiny floors tend to work best.

> ![A SCUTTLE Robot base with a camera mounted on the front, pointing mostly down and slightly forwards." width="600](/tutorials/webcam-line-follower/lf-scuttle2.png)

Author: ```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="/tutorials/webcam-line-follower/lf-scuttle2.png" resize="600x" declaredimensions=true alt="A SCUTTLE Robot base with a camera mounted on the front, pointing mostly down and slightly forwards.">}}
```

   Ensure that the base moves as expected.
   If one or both drive motors are going backwards, you can power down the Pi by running `sudo poweroff`, unplug the battery, and switch the wires to the motor before powering it back on.

   {{<gif webm_src="/tutorials/webcam-line-follower/lf-viamapp-base-view5.webm" mp4_src="/tutorials/webcam-line-follower/lf-viamapp-base-view5.mp4" alt="Driving the base from the Viam app's CONTROL tab." max-width="600px">}}

3. Now for the creative part: Use your colored tape to make a path for your robot to follow.
   Perhaps a circle or other shape, or perhaps a path from one point of interest to another.
   Sharp corners will be more challenging for the robot to follow so consider creating more gentle curves.
4. Set your robot on the line such that the line appears in the front of the camera’s view.
   Verify that the camera sees the line by viewing the camera feed on the **Control** tab of the robot page.

>    ![The camera view in the control tab on the robot page" width="600](/tutorials/webcam-line-follower/lf-cam-view6.png)

Author: ```suggestion
{{<imgproc src="/tutorials/webcam-line-follower/lf-cam-view6.png" resize="600x" declaredimensions=true alt="The camera view in the control tab on the robot page">}}
```
